DEVDOCS-3787-add-API-option (#1455)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/cart-and-checkout/custom-order-confirmation.md

## Installing a custom order confirmation page  

> There are two ways to install a custom checkout on a store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install a custom checkout on a store in the following two ways:
```
this revision ^^ is one solution to make the following bullet points less wordy. you can also make them anchor links to the sections below.

* Installing using the control panel
* Installing using the Checkout v3 API

> ### Installing using the control panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install using the control panel
```
style guide

3. Click the **Save** button at the bottom of the page.
4. Navigate to your live storefront to view your new custom order confirmation page.

> ### Installing using the Checkout v3 API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install using the Checkout v3 API
```
style guide

Reviewer: also, in many of the docs I've been working on, I see version before API name -- for example, "V3 Checkout API". With the V capitalized. Is either of these proscribed by the style guide, @traci707 / @markcmurphy

Author: @slsriehl I did not find information in the style guide but I like your suggestion and think it looks good.
